Document shipment (#80)
MiSArch/docs: docs/docs/dev-manuals/services/shipment.mdx

import CustomImage from "@site/src/components/CustomImage";

# Shipment Service

> The shipment service consists of the bounded contexts `Shipment`, `Category`, and `CategoryValue`.

Reviewer: Erm… no?
```suggestion
The shipment service consists of the bounded context `Shipment`.
```

Author: fixed with bc877f7acbfb89748a8724e9e7897602bb0e0daa (I wanted a bit different wording consistent with other 1-bc services)

> It is responsible for managing products, their variants and versions, categories, and their respective characteristics and values.

Reviewer: Still no

Author: fixed with bc877f7acbfb89748a8724e9e7897602bb0e0daa

      - `model/`: Event DTOs
    - `graphql/`: GraphQL API
      - `dataloader/`: Data loaders for efficient data fetching
      - `federation/`: Apollo Federation entitiy resolvers
      - `input/`: Input types for mutations
      - `model/`: GraphQL types
        - `connection/`: Connection types and logic for paginated queries
    - `persistance/`: Database entities and repositories
      - `model/`: R2DBC entities
      - `repository/`: Spring Data R2DBC repositories
    - `provider/`: REST API for external shipment provider, configuration
    - `service/`: Service logic
  - `resources/`: Spring Boot application configuration and SQL schema migration files
    - `db/migration/`: Flyway SQL schema migration files

</div>

## Defined Events

This section lists events that are defined by the shipment service and can be used by other services.

### Type Definitions

The following types are used in the defined events:

```tsx
enum ShipmentStatus {
  PENDING,
  IN_PROGRESS,
  DELIVERED,
  FAILED
}
```

### Published Defined Events

#### shipment/shipment/created

This event is published when a new shipment is created.

```tsx
{
  id: string,
  orderId: string,

>   returnId: string,

Reviewer: Optional, correct?
```suggestion
  returnId?: string,
```

Author: yes, same applies to orderId too

Author: fixed with bc877f7acbfb89748a8724e9e7897602bb0e0daa  (and a few more)
